What additional properties did you add to your models and why?

User:

win_percentage: A player's score is represented by how many games they have won compared to how many games they have started. This is represented as their win percentage.

average_misses: It is useful to know the player's average number of misses over all of their games, as a lower number of misses is indicative of a better player when comparing otherwise identical win percentages of two or more players.

Game:

private_word: I renamed 'target' to private_word as the goal of the game is to guess a word and not a target number. A private word is necessary as it is the 'goal' of the game.

public_word: A public word is necessary as the player needs to be able to see the current state of the game. This current game state is represented by a mix of blank characters and found characters within the word they are tying to guess.

guesses: We need to keep track of each guess that a player makes for each game. The best way to do this is not to create a full Guess object/class but instead to simply keep an array of basic objects containing the guess information as in this way, the guesses are contained within the game itself.

guesses_set: This set is used for tracking each unique guess value for this game. Intead of iterating over the array of guesses each time a new guess is registered, it's easier to do a simple lookup within a set to see if the guess is within the set. If a player makes a duplicate guess, it is a simple manner to see that the guess exists in this set and alert the player that their guess is a duplicate.

cancelled: By storing this boolean, it is useful to track if the game has been cancelled or not.

won: By storing this boolean, it is useful to track if the game has been won or not.

Score:

guesses: I relabelled this from 'misses' as we care more about how many times the player made a bad guess than the actual number of guesses made.



What were some of the trade-offs or struggles you faced when implementing the new game logic?

1. Do we count duplicate guesses?

Yes, I believe duplicate guesses should count in Hangman. Even if the guess is found in the word, the player should be penalized for not making an appropriate guess.

2. Score keeping

Scores in hangman can be counted in a number of ways such as how many games a player has won, or whomever has a game with the lowest number of missed guesses wins. I decided to base the score on the overall win percentage of a user when looking at all of their games. This is indicative of a good player as a player with a high win percentage not only can guess words, but does not lose or cancel games often.
